Update all documentation for 2.7.0 (#7533)
keepassxreboot/keepassxc: INSTALL.md

* make
* cmake (>= 3.3.0)
* g++ (>= 4.7) or clang++ (>= 6.0)
* asciidoctor (>= 2.0)

The following libraries are required:

* Qt 5 (>= 5.9.5): qtbase5, qtbase5-private, libqt5svg5, qttools5, qt5-image-formats-plugins

> * botan (>= 2.11)

Reviewer: Intentional downgrade?

Author: No need for 12 anymore we stopped using argon2 from botan

===========
We recommend using the release tool to perform builds, please read up-to-date instructions [on our wiki](https://github.com/keepassxreboot/keepassxc/wiki/Building-KeePassXC#building-using-the-release-tool).

> To compile from source, open a **Terminal (Linux/MacOS)**, the **MSVC Tools Command Prompt (Windows)**, or **MSYS2-MinGW shell (Windows)**. On Windows, we also recommend using Visual Studio 2022 or Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer 2: > On Windows, we also recommend using Visual Studio 2022 or Visual Studio Code.

Do we? I think CLion works really well and I kind of hate Visual Studio.

Reviewer 3: CLion is not free. Visual Studio's basic version is. Maybe we could mention CLion as a good alternative?

Reviewer 2: Right, always forget about that, because I have to whole JetBrains suite for free.

1. Download the KeePassXC [source tarball](https://keepassxc.org/download#source) or check out the latest version from our [Git repository](https://github.com/keepassxreboot/keepassxc).

   To clone the project from Git, `cd` to a suitable location and run

   ```
   git clone https://github.com/keepassxreboot/keepassxc.git
   ```

   This will clone the entire contents of the repository and check out the current `develop` branch.

   To update the project from within the project's folder, you can run the following command:

   ```
   git pull
   ```

>    For a stable build, it is recommended to checkout the master branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   For a stable build, it is recommended to check out the master branch.
```

   ```
   git checkout master
   ```

2. Navigate to the directory where you have downloaded KeePassXC and type these commands:

   ```
   mkdir build
   cd build
   cmake -DWITH_XC_ALL=ON ..
   make
   ```

Note: These steps place the compiled KeePassXC binary inside the `./build/src/` directory.

## MacOS Build Notes

If you installed Qt5 via Homebrew, you should be able to compile KeePassXC without any changes. If CMake fails to find your Qt installation, you can specify it manually by adding the following parameter:

`-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/usr/local/opt/qt/lib/cmake`

(or whatever your Qt installation path is)

When building with ASAN support on macOS, you need to use `export ASAN_OPTIONS=detect_leaks=0` before running the tests (LSAN is no supported on macOS).

## Windows Build Notes

For detailed build steps see the [Windows Build Instructions](https://github.com/keepassxreboot/keepassxc/wiki/Building-KeePassXC#windows).

If you are using MSVC, you may have to specify your Vcpkg toolchain by adding the following CMake parameter: `-DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=C:\vcpkg\scripts\buildsystems\vcpkg.cmake`

> If you are using MSYS2, you may have to add ```-G "MSYS Makefiles"``` to the beginning of the cmake command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using MSYS2, you have to add ```-G "MSYS Makefiles"``` at the beginning of the cmake command.
```
